You won't get the Same me twice. The Second one Comes with Zero emotion.
Not everyone deserves to know the real you. Let them criticize who  they think you are.
Never fall in love with same person twice, the second time you'll be falling in love with the  memories, not with the person..
If I die young don't go posting “wish heaven had a phone”. I got one right now and it ain’t  ringing.
The awkward movement between birth and death.
I can only give love and respect moon and stars are not my property !!
Success hits different when nobody believed in you.
Your laziness is who believed disrespect for those in you.
Being alone when you need Support will really make you look at everybody differently.
My friend circle is now extremely small it's not even a circle anymore it’s a dot.
I Killed a plant once because I gave it to much water.
My parent's will be the last generation to respect relatives !!!
It's all about emotional attachment, but once it’s gone, there’s nothing left for me.
I thought you wanted to be No. 1. Nothing great happens an accident, get to work.
“The difference between humans and animals. Animal would never allow the dumbest in the  herd to lead them.”
I'm tired too bro, but my mom doesn’t have her dream house yet.
Nobody cares or until you're rich, famous or dead !!!
To everyone who left seeing me struggle hard…  Thanks for making me realize.. I deserve better.
If you know Newton’s third law, congrats… you know me.
I automatically go silent when I hear something that hurt my feelings.
Once you realize most women ways you wouldn’t bother trying get one.
Men are so good at hiding their stress and depression. You’d ask them how are they feeling  and they’d just reply with a bit tired but fine.
People meet me and say, “You’re so quite.” Nah I’m reading all of you mfs. Give me a  minute.
If you expect nothing from somebody you are never disappointed.
3 signs she cared about you….  She doesn’t. Focus on yourself.
The day I respond with silence instead of anger is the day you should worry.
Silence are never unnecessary.  Some pain is such that it takes away even the voice.
I’ll take you serious when I see nobody has the same access to you like I do.
A big flex is being lowkey.  Nobody knows what’s going on in your life, where you are, who you’re with or what your next  move is unless you make it known.  Privacy is peace.
If they ghost you, respect the dead and never disturb them again.
Make sure to remind her everyday that she’s replacable.
If you love someone. Let them go.  If you hate someone. Let them go.  Basically, let everyone go. People are stupid.  If you have a dog, let it go too.  No wait. Keep the dog.  Dogs are cool. People are stupid.
Don’t call yourself introvert if you’ve never been asked. “why don’t you talk?”
Just remember,   She will try to find you in every new guy she talks to. But she won’t.  You’re a king.
You know why a man’s teardrop is sharper than a blade?  Imagine having a man hold his fear, misery, regret and depression for years.  The moment a tear drops from his eye, you know he is broken. But, remember, beware of a man  after he cries, because his whole system just rebooted.
The is a beast in you and it’s time to wake him up.
What is love?  Don’t ask a person who love someone.  Ask a person who has lost someone.
If you’re reading this right now….  I know that you are in a lot of pain right now but I’m proud of you.
When you are winning, keep your mouth shut.  That’s law !!
Thank you for nothing fuck you for everything !!
If you don’t like me, breath in and out cuz there’s nothing else you can do.
You closed the chapter, I burned the book !!
Once you got that idgaf mindset it’s game over.
Don’t trust too much,  Don’t love too much,  Don’t hope too much,  Because that too much  Will hurt so much !!
Sometimes the world no longer needs a hero,  Sometimes what the world needs is a monster.
Even the devil shivers,  When the nice guy loses his patience.
The world is against me,  Otherwise, it wouldn’t be fair.
Never judge a book by it’s cover  It’s the silent ones who are dangerous.
Hopes are gone,  Time to let you go.
I loke being single I’m always there when I need me.
I don’t trust words, I trust vibes.  People can tell you anything, but vibes tell you everything.
Sorry for being too much obsessed with you,  I was trying to give love that I never get.
I realize I was only important when they had nothing.  Now when they have everything, I am nothing.
Choose the pain of regret    OR  Pain of discipline.
You know what you have to do is this:  Make them regret it.  All of them !!
Before you do me wrong, make sure you never need me again.
My ex said “you never gonna find somebody like me” mf that’s the plan.
Remember It’s lonely at top,  That’s why a Lamborghini has 2 seats   And but has 50 !!
This new mindset will either kill me or make my grandkids wealthy.
People say smoking kills  What about feelings bro !!!
The person who don’t text first to anyone and no more interested in chat conversation once  waited for a single message of someone till hours !!!
At my funeral, don’t cry.  I’ve been dead inside for a long time, and you didn’t care.
POV: You feel sad but don’t cry anymore !!!
Don’t ignore me for days and then start talking like nothing happened.
If your dog starts barking at you.  Someone else is feeding her  This ain’t about dogs.
Always keep one eye on enemies and two eyes on your friends.
If travelling was free you would never see me again in life.
If she’s amazing, she won’t be easy,  If she’s easy, she won’t be amazing,  If she worth it, you won’t give up,  If you give up, she’s not worthy,  Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you,  you just have to find the ones worth suffering for !!
Please god no more temporary people.
she could have had a king.  She risked it and shuffled the deck,  Now she’s stuck with jockers.
Not everyone has access to me because    I want peace more than attention !!
Don’t put me in a position where  I gotta show you how heartless I can be,  “You may never look at me the same.”
Just because you lost me as a friend doesn’t mean you gained me as an enemy.  I still wanna see you eat, just not at my table.
RIP to my old self, that caring mf had to die.
Only money has the right to say “You’ll regret losing me”  The rest of you mf calm down.
Everyone say love is like playing chess wrong move and you lost your queen,  But, nah! Bro you didn’t lose by losing queen, you can still win without it.
you don’t become the king by chasing the queen.  The queen comes as a byproduct of being the king. -Chase the crown, Not the queen.
Privacy is power people can’t ruin what they don’t know.
If I needed you and you weren’t there,    I’ll never need you again.
You need to get comfortable with being uncomfortable.
The main tool women use to control you is sex,  You gain control by not being desperate for it.  Take away that and see if they bring anything else to the table.
Never fuck with someone who isn’t afraid to be alone.  You will lose every single time.
A girlfriend should be a potential wife.  Relationships are investment not hobbies.  Date with purpose.
If you don’t have feelings for me then don’t act like you do, that hurts.
Whatever you hear about me please believe it,  I don’t have time to explain myself.  You can also add some if you want.
Bro take care of my queen she left me for you.
What if I break your trust someday? - Trusting you is my decision, proving me wrong is your choice.
I only have 1 or 2 real friends, the rest are the people I socialize with.
I asked god to punish me..  Boom ! , Next day I meet you.
You’ll never be criticized by someone who is doing more than you.  You’ll only be criticized by someone who is doing less.
Just because I didn’t react doesn’t mean I didn’t notice.
Thanks for showing your true colours.  Now it’s my turn to art with that colour.
Dating in 2022 be like  “I don’t want a relationship but I wanna talk to you everyday and keep you around.”
Everyone deserve love except me, I deserve money.
Many relationships dies because of wrong advice from jealous friends.
Block you? Nah watch me win.
When they try to apologize after you changed.
Always remember. They are not sorry because they did it, they are sorry because you found  out.
I hustle harder when my feelings are hurt.  You will never find me where you left me at.
Humble enough to know I can lose it all.  Confident enough to know I can get it all back.
Our father got the last generation of loyal girls.
Fuck your feelings,  Be a man.
POV: You grinded so hard that now their biggest flex is that they used to know you.
I can fight with 100 guys who’s looking at you   But,  I can’t beat that mf you looking at.
I went through some of my darkest days alone.  So don’t take it personally when I say I don’t need anyone.
Behind every cold-hearted person there was a kind heart  which has been treated with coldness for long time.
Time doesn’t heal anything it just teach us how to live with pain.
7 things to master: -Don’t chase anyone. -Don’t beg anyone to stay. -know your worth. -save space for people who matters. -Accept what can’t be changed. -Leave what isn’t for you. -Love yourself.
Do you still love her? -Yes, but I don’t want her anymore  * Why? - Because I realized that I can’t spend my entire life begging her to love me.
Don’t cry, Noone cares.  Start smiling, and everyone will start getting jealous.
You gave me all the reasons for why I shouldn’t fall in love again.
No matter how close we are,  I can easily forget you if you don’t value my love, care, and efforts.
Girls don’t directly broke up:  They treat you like shit until you leave and blame you until you broke!
Life tip:  Don’t trust words.
No words, just cold feelings.
You know you love someone when you don’t hate them for breaking your heart.
Life is better when nobody knows anything about you.
God removed people from your life,  because he heard conversations you didn’t.
Some people are so rare, not even talking about looks.   They’re just pure and good hearted.
Loyalty isn’t difficult,  You’re just immature.
You can’t force people to love you,  Some feelings are just unrequired.
I wonder if I will ever see you again.
Have you ever heard the screams of a slowly dying man .  Never!  You can feel from the music he listens.
They kill your feelings and ask why you changed.
Becoming a man is realising we aren’t really loved.  We provide something and get love in return for it.  Once we start lacking a bit its end of story.
If you hesitate between me and someone else,   Don’t choose me ever !!
Don’t be absent for too long,  Then come and ask how I am,  Details die with time and stories change !!
I’ve had love for women,  But I’m never gonna fall in love with woman.
Being a man is hard, imagine you’ll only be loved if you had provided something.
It only takes one bad day to make even the greatest hero a villain.
Time decides who you meet in life,  Your heart decides who you want in life.  And your behaviour decides who stays in your life.
Pain really changes people.  Some become cold, some become silent.
If you want to test a man’s character, give him power.  If you want to test woman’s character, give her freedom.
A person who left in anger will always come back,  But the one who left with a smile will never be back again.
Don’t be afraid of the next chapter of you life.  You know who the fucking writer is !!
My grandma always told me to keep 20$ in my pocket in case a girl wanted flowers…  Grandma these girls don’t want flowers nowadays !!
You can’t stop a women from cheating,  Enjoy her where it’s your turn or end the relationship !!
I’m so loyal I should have two gfs.
I’m so nice, ima let you pick your replacement.
Someone got her without doing any efforts whereas,  I lost her even after doing my best.
Never trust karma cause  I’ve seen every loyal person crying at the night and cheater laughing with someone new.
If you completely broke a boy and destroyed his  ability to love again and he still said   “I’m sorry” then I don’t  know what to say to you….
Make sure that the walls you build to protect yourself do not become a prison.
She didn’t believe that, I ignore girl’s until I ignored her.
I am very forgiving person so if I stop talking to you then you really went too far. >>>
If sex can make men marry you all prostitutes would be married.  A man stays where he’s well loved, cared, and respected   Not where he gets what anyone can offer !!
If you rejected a good guy, but accepted a bad guy.  When he hurts you, don’t you dare say, “all men are the same.”
If you post yourself crying on social media I hope things get worse for you.
The value of a woman is determined by how conservative she is,  Not how accessible she is !!
Except nothing,  Appreciate everything.
Deleting chats is okey but how can  I delete those memories from my mind.
POV: You finally accepted that you need to just be alone and focus on yourself.
Looking at her and realizing she isn’t the same girl I feel in love with.
She is creating distance here idiot me thinking she loves me more than I do.
My feelings for you is now officially signing off.
Ghosting doesn’t work on me, idgaf if we never talk again.  I lived 19 years of my life without you, I can sure as hell do it again.
I won’t regret, you’ll regret after loosing me.
Bro it’s okay you tried everything for her  she just doesn’t want you anymore,  she’s not that same sweet girl you once fell in love with.
And when I leave be sure that I’ve done all I could to stay.
Don’t be too happy when people say  They love you and care for you.  The real question is until when?  Because just like seasons, people change.
There nothing louder than the silence between two people   that were ment to be together but couldn’t  because one of them was too immature to keep their priorities straight.
Don’t tell me your falling in love again kiddos, that shit tore you to pieces last time.
I thought you were my remedy but  you’ve turned out to be my deadliest wound, my love.
After my funeral I want one of my friends to take my phone and text everyonr  “Thanks for coming.”
I’m at that stage in my life where idk what I feel anymore.  I’m not sad, not happy, not angry, not depressed.  I’m just here alone !!
And if they ask you about me and where I am,  tell them that you didn’t thank god for his gift, and it vanished.
Men look for a clean past in women.  Women look for a bright future in men.  A man’s future and woman’s past will always matter.  Y’ll aren’t ready for this convo tho !!
You must be good enough on your worst day to beat the opponent on their best day.
If you knew what was said in your absence.  You’d stop smiling with a lot of people.
How to loose a girl -reply fast -give her attention -talk to her 24/7 -do everything for her
Treat her like a princess so she knows you were raised by a queen.
She is a 10 but on a scale of a billion !!
You were given the choice between war and dishonour.  You choose dishonour and you will have war.
If you are able to save your head,  While everyone is losing theirs  You will bw a man,  My son.
Everyone Says forgive and forget, what about fuck off and get out.
Over 8 billion hearts you decided to break the Sweetest one.
Remember one thing.  Nobody treats better & give advice better than a broken person.
Whoever is with my ex pls do better. That mf is still stalking me.
Stop putting so much effort into People who are fine with going days without speaking to you.
Hardest thing right now is finding people with Pure intentions.
Realizing that I've turned into what I once hated.
This time I didn't block you.    this time I didn't beg you to stay    this time I didn't cry   this time I said "it is what it is "
My tears are my emotions not  my Weakness!
Just smile and Say "I am fine" Because, nobody really  Cares.
Somewhere between emotional and emotionless.
People are not loyal to you.  They are loyal to their needs of you.   Once their needs change, so does their loyalty
Never Compare money with fucking relationship Money is everything !!
"Forgive and forget?  Fuck that, I'll remember. everything"
Never trust a smiling man and crying woman.
Pov: You realise you Can't trust anyone anymore.
Nobody watches you harder than the people that don't like you   Make sure to give them a show they never forget.
Karma isn’t a Working   I think I need a gun...
My loss?  The only fucking thing I lost was time.
When money speaks nobody checks grammar.
Don't block your Parents on Social media, let them see the hoe they have raised .
Never beg Someone to be in your life, learn to walk away.
Those who mentioned you in their prayers are rare if you have one then keep them.
Set your goal so high, that every failure is higher than any other person's success.
I like me better with no feelings
No matter how good you treat People  they only remember your faults it's the nature of humans.
You’ll never meet a hater doing better than you in life.
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.
Remember the disrespect  Remember the lies.  Remember the broken promises.  Remember it all.
If you are waiting for me to message you first.  Congratulations we will never talk again !!!!
Alone or not you gotta walk forward.
Don't confuse the difference between a frozen heart and a cold one,  One melts, the other adapts, know the difference.
The past is in your head. The future is in your hand.
You Came to this world covered in blood and screaming,  Don't mind leaving the Same way".
Pov: Being called heartless, rude, Selfish is a compliment now.
So, it's true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.
Fuck their opinion they didn't Suffer with you.
Boys used to lie about their age to go to war".  Now they lie about their age to buy vapes, drugs and alcohol.
The girl you're obsessed with, is never yours. Remember that.
"Raise your words, not voice."  It’s the rain that grow flowers, not thunder.
